Monthly Release Update 2022.08.0 (#3516)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/role-assignment/index.md

| `SUPER_ADMIN`                           | Super Administrator                 |                                       |
| `USER_ADMIN`                            | Group Administrator                 | [Groups](/docs/reference/api/groups/) |

### IAM-based Standard Role Types
<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />
We also support the following IAM-based standard roles:
| Role type                                                  | Label                               | Permissions                                   |
| :--------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------- |
| `ACCESS_CERTIFICATIONS_ADMIN` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | Access Certifications Administrator | `okta.governance.accessCertifications.manage` |
| `ACCESS_REQUESTS_ADMIN`       <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | Access Requests Administrator       | `okta.governance.accessRequests.manage`       |
IAM-based standard roles could be assigned using [standard](#standard-role-assignment-steps) or [custom role](#custom-role-assignment) assignment operations.

> Similar to other standard roles, these roles are also immutable and cannot be updated or deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to other standard roles, these roles are also immutable and can't be updated or deleted.
```

* A principal: Either a Group or a User - known as a Member of the Binding
* A Resource Set: Identified by its `id`

### Custom Role Assignment for IAM-based Standard Roles
<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />
When using IAM-based Standard Roles the same concepts as Custom Roles apply with the following distinctions:
1. IAM-based standard roles can only be used with predefined Resource Sets.

> 2. For both IAM-based Standard Roles and Resource Sets, there is a predefined constant `id`. This `id` will always be the `type` of the Role or Resource Set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For both IAM-based Standard Roles and Resource Sets, there is a predefined constant `id`. This `id` is always the `type` of the Role or Resource Set.
```

|                         | All Access Requests               <br><ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | `orn:$partition$:governance:$orgId$:requests`                                         |                                                                                                                                                         |
> **Note:** If you use a Role with permissions that don't apply to the resources in the Resource Set, it doesn't affect the admin Role. For example, the `okta.users.userprofile.manage` permission gives the admin no privileges if it is granted to a Resource Set that only includes `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}` resources. If you want the admin to be able to manage the Users within the group, the Resource Set must include the corresponding `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${targetGroupId}/users` resource.

> > **Note:** Governance resources are currently only supported as part of the [Standard Resource Sets](#standard-resource-sets). These cannot be used to create or update other resource sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Governance resources are currently only supported as part of the [Standard Resource Sets](#standard-resource-sets). You can't use these to create or update other resource sets.
```

  https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/groups/${memberGroupId}
  ```

### Standard Resource Sets
<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />
The following resource sets are currently supported out of the box and can be used to assign admins only when used with

> their associated roles. Standard resource sets and roles are always identified using their type as id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their associated roles. Standard resource sets and roles are always identified using their type as `id`.
```

| Resource Set id/type                                              | Applicable Role id/type    | Resources                                              |
| :---------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `ACCESS_CERTIFICATIONS_IAM_POLICY` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | `ACCESS_CERTIFICATIONS_ADMIN` | All Users, All Groups, All Apps, All Access Certifications    |
| `ACCESS_REQUESTS_IAM_POLICY`       <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> | `ACCESS_REQUESTS_ADMIN`       | All Users, All Groups, All Access Requests, Access Request App |

> Standard resource sets are managed by Okta only and cannot be updated or deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard resource sets are managed by Okta only and can't be updated or deleted.
```

| `okta.customizations.read`    <br><ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Allows the admin to read customizations                                                                                                             | All customizations |
| `okta.customizations.manage`  <br><ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Allows the admin to manage customizations                                                                                                           | All customizations |
| `okta.governance.accessCertifications.manage` <br><ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Allows the admin to view and manage access certification campaigns                                                                  | All Certifications |
| `okta.governance.accessRequests.manage`  <br><ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Allows the admin to view and manage access requests                                                                                       | All Access Requests |
| `okta.apps.manageFirstPartyApps`  <br><ApiLifecycle access="ea" />  | Allows the admin to manage first-party apps                                                                                       | All Access Requests |

> > **Note:** Governance permissions are currently only supported as part of the [Standard IAM-based Roles](#iam-based-standard-role-types). These cannot be used to create or update other roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Governance permissions are currently only supported as part of the [Standard IAM-based Roles](#iam-based-standard-role-types). You can't use these to create or update other roles.
```

> > **Note:** `okta.apps.manageFirstPartyApps` permission is currently only supported as part of some [Standard IAM-based Roles](/docs/concepts/role-assignment/#iam-based-standard-role-types). It cannot be used to create or update other roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `okta.apps.manageFirstPartyApps` permission is currently only supported as part of some [Standard IAM-based Roles](/docs/concepts/role-assignment/#iam-based-standard-role-types). You can't use it to create or update other roles.
```
